oh this is a this work that tag video
where I have a list of questions either
this or that and I say which what I
prefer yeah my chair Smith question
number one Coke or Pepsi actually prefer
Coke but I really don't care which one
if I had a choice I choose Coke scare
your comedy
I prefer scary night or morning
I am a night owl my whole family has
always been nice time people because my
dad works SunChips and yeah we've just
always been night time people everywhere
i homeschooled we were able to work on
their own schedule so we just I'm a
night out kisses your house that's a
tough one I think I'm gonna have to go
with kisses
[Music]
life or death well I'm obviously alive
right now so I'm gonna go with white
dove Mexican or Italian food I like both
but I would have to say I probably like
Italian more than Mexican but it's just
kind of like what I'm in the mood for
type of do you think because I kind of
love food in general so yeah Doritos or
Cheetos oh I have to go in three toes
I like Doritos alive weird or normal
pizza or spaghetti definitely spaghetti
I have loved spaghetti my whole life and
pasta is actually a huge thing in my
diet um but when I was little I did not
like red sauce so I would always just
eat noodles with butter again and I
still kind of mostly do that
pickles your cucumbers I like both
pickles in cucumber the same thing how
do you pick between those one it's a
chemical both sunrise or sunset sunrise
sunset sunrise so I have to go the
sunset hervana our system of the Damned
nirvana
definitely Nirvana right in our snow
well I don't really like the cold so I'm
gonna have to go with rain over snow
captains or piercing this is a tough one
um but definitely tattoos I have you
know almost an equal amount of each one
and as in piercings and tattoos but I
like tattoos more I am finished with
piercings but I am nowhere near finished
with tattoos so yeah baked or mashed
potatoes okay pull bash potatoes mashed
potatoes I like baked potatoes - but I
like mashed potato
or Aris be on a roller coaster roller
coasters on the wimpy skittles or
starbursts like skittles I really like
to taste rainbow shower or bath
definitely bath I take so many baths a
day it's insane kind of I just really
like the beans pickles are olives
not topic or Texan I like packs on a lot
so packs up tea or coffee
definitely tea I love tea but I don't
like sweet tea and that's weird because
I'm from the south
but it's just too sweet it just feels
like I'm drinking sugar water peanut
butter or jelly how do you even ask a
question peanut butter or jelly you
don't you don't separate those two it's
it that's a combined thing it's not
peanut butter or jelly it's peanut
butter and jelly dogs or cats I'm more
of a dog person but I like to catch
cheese tan or pale I actually prefer to
be tan but I'm always pale dancers are
seniors I think I can pick I like to
sing and I like to dance
so both Star Wars or Star Trek actually
a more of the fan of Star Wars but I
like the both
what's the camp to do washing dishes or
doing laundry I prefer doing laundry I
absolutely despise doing dishes even if
there's a dishwasher I just don't like
to do it but I actually really enjoy
doing laundry call or text I know you
have to go with text because I'm really
bad at answering my phone actually I'm
in bed with answering fine text messages
too but I get like weird when I calls on
the phone and it's kind of like a phobia
I don't know but I've gotten a lot
better with it but I still don't really
like to do it internet or cell phone
definitely internet internet all go away
Oreos are chips away I would have to go
with Oreos but chips oh boy I'm pretty
good too and like
because it's kind of like my twitter
name which is cats oh boy yeah follow me
I'm submit are you guys smoking or
non-smoking definitely non smoking
smoking I is probably one of my biggest
turn offs
even though out of all the boyfriends
I've had I think like half of them have
been smokers I don't know
hey observer gerbils definitely gerbils
I think gerbils are a lot nicer than
hamsters and my sister and I used to
have gerbils and we called ourselves the
gerbil ranchers Harry Potter work
Chronicles of Narnia Harry Potter for
sure I like Chronicles of Narnia but
I've never really got into it the way
that I did with Harry Potter
so Harry Potter yoga or pilates I'm
gonna have to go with yoga then that way
I can do the squatting upward peacock
it's a pretty advanced move
[Music]
suicide or homicide I guess I would
probably end up killing someone before
myself but I hope he never has to come
down with that and if I end up doing
doing them in the future I'm sorry bro
I'm sorry but let's hope it never comes
down to that decision thank you guys so
much for watching and list all the
questions in the description box below
so you guys can make a response video
tag thing I don't know anymore to this
video of if you want to do this this or
that video and share your opinion on
which thing you'd prefer